# MAIL API Service
Product Website: https://25space.com/mailapi/

## Spam Protection (inbuild)
We provide a spam protection service for Mail API. Please login and select at "Applications" your MailAPI Service. Here you can activate/disable the spam protection.

## Spam Protection with recaptcha
To prevent a huge amount of spam email via the contact form (or similar app), we strongly recommended to install a Captcha service to block bots.We allow to implement own Captcha solutions or services in the form.
We also provide a API to connect with the reCAPTCHA service to secure your form. https://25space.com/developer/api/mailapiv2.php

### What is reCAPTCHA?
reCAPTCHA is a free service that protects your website from spam and abuse. reCAPTCHA uses an advanced risk analysis engine and adaptive challenges to keep automated software from engaging in abusive activities on your site.It does this while letting your valid users pass through with ease. Powered by machine learning. Hundreds of millions of CAPTCHAs are solved by people every day. reCAPTCHA makes positive use of this human effort by channeling the time spent solving CAPTCHAs into digitizing text, annotating images, building machine learning datasets. This in turn helps preserve books, improve maps, and solve hard AI problems.
https://www.google.com/recaptcha

## IP Restriction
Basically any IP can be used by the service. However, we block certain IP ranges which have been marked as spam or unwanted multiple times. It is not possible to change these settings from the customer side.

## How to Use Mail API (Generation V2)
The 25space.com Mail API provides an interface to send html POST data (like forms) securely via email. Insert the HTML form, with custom fields as necessary, into your web page or application.
Do you know the problem, your messages from the contact form are not delivered safely, the order or the HTML POST eMail application eMails end up in spam? With MailAPI you can connect any application (HTML form POST) and your emails will be delivered safely.
Book the service “MailAPI” under login.mdct.cloud, it will be available in a few minutes under “Applications”. Add the secret and app-id displayed there to the POST URL to identify your application.
The following standard fields as well as 10 individually usable variable fields are available to you, which are queried: name, email, message, var1, var2, var3, var4, var5, var6, var7, var8, var9, var10.
Specify the recipient, the subject and the redirect link that the user receives after sending the message.
You will find the secret and App ID in the Cloud Management Suite > "Applications" > "MailAPI".
https://www.25space.com/developer/api/mailapiv2.php

## Sender Mail
We send all our eMails, generated by MailAPI, from no-reply@mailout.on25space.com

## Forwarding to target website
Once the message has been sent via the MailAPI, the user is forwarded directly to the target website after a few seconds or by clicking on the button. The target website can be stored as desired in the Cloud Management Suite under "Applications".
